README.md, before:

### Footsteps Heroku app: ( https://spd-footsteps.herokuapp.com )
 
# FootSteps
# Table of contents:
* [About the Project](#About-the-Project)
    * [Built With](#Built-With)
* [Getting Started](#Getting-Started)
    * [Prerequisites](#Prerequisites)
    * [Installation](#Installation)
* [Contributers](#Contributers)
# About the Project
A "hitchhiker's guide" to new living environments. Moving is one of the most stressful events in a person's life, and often leads to the costly mistakes typically associated with it. Footsteps aims to fix that, by giving users different features to use:
* The ability to add their experiences
* Optimal spots for things like groceries and recreation
* Living situations
* Safest ways to walk

and more sorted by demographic.

## Built With
The tools we used to build this project includes:
* Python (Coding Language)
* Django (Framework)
* Postgres (Database)
* Heroku (Deployment)
# Getting Started
## Prerequisites
You must have Python, Django
## Installation
# Contributors
| Name          | Team Role |
| --------------| ----------|
| Max Finn      | Backend   |
| Kento Murata  | Backend   |
| Alex Grey     | Frontend  |

Commit message:

[Add] README Prerequisites + Installation + Running the project

README.md, after:

### Footsteps Heroku app: ( https://spd-footsteps.herokuapp.com )
 
# FootSteps
# Table of contents:
* [About the Project](#About-the-Project)
    * [Built With](#Built-With)
* [Getting Started](#Getting-Started)
    * [Prerequisites](#Prerequisites)
    * [Installation](#Installation)
    * [Running the project](#Running-the-project)
* [Contributers](#Contributers)
# About the Project
A "hitchhiker's guide" to new living environments. Moving is one of the most stressful events in a person's life, and often leads to the costly mistakes typically associated with it. Footsteps aims to fix that, by giving users different features to use:
* The ability to add their experiences
* Optimal spots for things like groceries and recreation
* Living situations
* Safest ways to walk

and more sorted by demographic.

## Built With
The tools we used to build this project includes:
* Python (Coding Language)
* Django (Framework)
* Postgres (Database)
* Heroku (Deployment)
# Getting Started
## Prerequisites
You must have ```Python``` installed on your computer:

> Install latest version of ```Python``` from their website:
[Python Website](https://www.python.org)

## Installation
1. Install ```pip``` on your computer if you haven't already.
2. Clone the repo
3. Install ```pipenv``` on your computer if you haven't already.
4. Once you have ```pipenv``` installed in your computer, run this command in your terminal to start up the virtual environment 
    >(Make sure you ```cd``` into the root of the project):

    ```
    pipenv shell
    ```
5. Run this command in your terminal:
    ```
    pipenv install
    ``` 
    >This will install all of the project's dependencies into your virtual environment.
## Running the project
1. Run this command in your terminal:
    ```
    python3 manage.py runserver
    ```
    >This is the command you use to run the project server.
2. Open up your internet browser and copy & paste the link displayed in your terminal.
# Contributors
| Name          | Team Role |
| --------------| ----------|
| Max Finn      | Backend, GitMaster   |
| Kento Murata  | Backend, GitMaster, PM   |
| Alex Grey     | Frontend, GitMaster  |
